During the spring semester of my third year in college, I had the opportunity to take a semester abroad in Seville, Spain. 
I chose Seville for the language, the culture, and the unbelievable weather. I had a very strategic plan to skip the winter storms in Boston. Prior to going, I spoke to students that had completed the program previously and people that had traveled to Seville on vacation. What I heard seemed too good to be true. Everyone was ecstatic about their experience! The most common response I got to the question "How was Sevilla, what did you do?" was "How much do you have because I can go on for days!" That said, I went into the semester with the mindset of not setting expectations based on how amazing other people's experiences were. I did not want to be disappointed. 

Little did I know, I would have the exact same response to that question today. Fast forward 5 months, 23 cities, 12 countries, and 2 continents later, my semester came to an end. My time in Spain felt surreal. I was so busy traveling and meeting new people that I had not stopped for a minute to take it all in and reflect. I had so many firsts, walked so many streets and encountered so many people that I may never see again. 
As I sat on the plane home, I wrote the following message.


A state of bliss,
when time passes faster than our ability to comprehend it, 
everything outside our immediate surrounding becomes almost irrelevant, 
a conscious state yet surprisingly unreal the moment we ‘snap out of it’. 

We find these moments in the hobbies we love, people we love, and places that continuously mesmerize us. 
We forget the constant intervals of time we invented for ourselves. 
We let go of our list of everything wrong in our lives. 
We say “no pasa nada” for the time being because we believe everything is presently ok. 
These moments come and go, but above all else, I think a lot of us have come to recognize and appreciate them. 
Thank you for the unforgettable moments of bliss, Europe. 
You’ve changed my life by adding so much more to it. <3
Brb,
33